SRVOCF-302: Add docs on accessing secrets and ConfigMaps from Srvls functions (#34089)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-interactively.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/functions/serverless-functions-accessing-secrets-configmaps.adoc

[id="serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-interactively_{context}"]

> = Adding the configuration interactively

Reviewer: I'd make this heading more descriptive since it doesn't explain what the configuration is for, maybe something more like "Managing function secrets and config maps by using the Knative CLI"?

> You can manage secrets and ConfigMaps you access from your function using the `func config` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage the secrets and config maps that you access from your function by using the `func config` command.
```

Reviewer: Again I think all of these should be `kn func`, `func` afaik is the upstream version but it's a plugin for the `kn` CLI

.Procedure

. Run from the function project directory:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ func config -p <function-project-directory>
----
+

> Alternatively, specify the function project directory using the `--path` or `-p` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can specify the function project directory using the `--path` or `-p` option.
```

> . Use the interactive interface to do one of the following operations:

Reviewer: It sort of feels like these should be individual modules / procedures / use cases? It's not really clear to me what each of these does

Author: The only reason I've included this strange bullet point list here is to show what are all the things the user can do with the interactive utility. The utility itself is extremely straightforward, and it either only needs this much documentation or it doesn't need documentation at all. Accordingly, I've kept this "feature list", but presented it differently. Does the new presentation LGTY?

"It's not really clear to me what each of these does" Very valid. I've clarified what each of them does.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @rh-max, I kinda like the current layout and description.

+
* Environment variables
** Add
*** ConfigMap: All key-value pairs as environment variables
*** ConfigMap: Value from a key
*** Secret: All key-value pairs as environment variables
*** Secret: Value from a key
** Remove
** List
* Volumes
** Add
*** ConfigMap
*** Secret
** Remove
** List

> . Optionally, deploy the function:

Reviewer: Please check the OCP docs guidelines. I think it goes "Optional. Do x". Is it necessary to include this step at all if it's optional?

Author: The last step is good for completeness of the use case, and it is necessary to let the reader know what happens if a secret or config map cannot be accessed.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func deploy -p test
----
+

> If a secret or ConfigMap value cannot be accessed, the deployment fails with an error message specifying the inaccessible values.

Reviewer: I'd make this a note, also "config map"

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/functions/serverless-functions-accessing-secrets-configmaps.adoc

[id="serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-interactively_{context}"]
= Modifying function access to secrets and config maps interactively

You can manage the secrets and config maps accessed by your function by using the `kn func config` interactive utility.

.Procedure

. Run the following command in the function project directory:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func config
----
+

> Alternatively, you can specify the function project directory using the `--path` or `-p` option.

Reviewer 3: Do you need the brackets like in the _with specialized commands_ topic? 

`kn func config [-p <path>]`

Author: The brackets are there per the convention for presenting a command, same as in, say, the Unix man pages. The brackets shouldn't be entered when actually using the option.

Reviewer 3: OK. I see other places in the docs that use brackets like that. I will leave the decision to you and your team whether to include them. Personally, I would have copied the brackets into the command I am executing. But, I am not the target audience for these docs. 

I would have entered: `kn func config [-p my-function-project]`. Would this work?

> . Use the interactive interface to perform the necessary operation. For example, using the utility to list configured volumes would produce an output similar to this:

Reviewer 3: s/would produce/produces

Configured Volumes mounts:
- Secret "mysecret" mounted at path: "/workspace/secret"
- Secret "mysecret2" mounted at path: "/workspace/secret2"
----
+
This scheme shows all operations available in the interactive utility and how to navigate to them:
+
[source]
----
kn func config
   ├─> Environment variables
   │               ├─> Add
   │               │    ├─> ConfigMap: Add all key-value pairs from a config map
   │               │    ├─> ConfigMap: Add value from a key in a config map
   │               │    ├─> Secret: Add all key-value pairs from a secret
   │               │    └─> Secret: Add value from a key in a secret
   │               ├─> List: List all configured environment variables
   │               └─> Remove: Remove a configured environment variable
   └─> Volumes
           ├─> Add
           │    ├─> ConfigMap: Mount a config map as a volume
           │    └─> Secret: Mount a secret as a volume
           ├─> List: List all configured volumes
           └─> Remove: Remove a configured volume
----

. Optional. Deploy the function to make the changes take effect:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn func deploy -p test
----
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Here is this note specified as [NOTE], while in modules/serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-manually.adoc the same note is specified as [IMPORTANT]

Author: Misplaced IMPORTANT, fixed now.
